h1. Changelog

h2. 0.37 - 2019-03-09

* PHP 7 compatibility

h2. 0.36 - 2009-04-02

* @smd_doList@ falls back to ASCII if Unicode not available (thanks RedFox / mlarino / decoderltd)

h2. 0.35 - 2009-02-24

* @smd_doList@ fixed ranges in '?' variables (thanks koobs)

h2. 0.34 - 2008-12-13

* @smd_doList@ uses a unicode regex

h2. 0.33 - 2008-12-02

* Undeprecated(!) @smd_split@ since it's actually quite useful
* Extended @smd_doList@ to encompass @$thisimage@ (for future) and @$variable@
* Fixed bug in @smd_doList@ when using subcats

h2. 0.32 - 2008-03-29

* Removed @smd_getAtts@ and @smd_getSubCats@
* Deprecated @smd_getOpts@ and @smd_split@
* Added @smd_doList@
* Moved the @smd_FuzzyFind@ class and @smd_getWord@ into the smd_fuzzy_find plugin where they should have been all along

h2. 0.31 - 2007-11-27

* Removed @smdMLP@ array, @smd_gTxt@ and @smd_getCaller@
* Deprecated @smd_getSubCats@
* Added a few PHP4 helper functions

h2. 0.30 - 2007-10-29

* Rewrote @smd_getAtts@ as @smd_getOpts@ to allow replaced vars within text
* Deprecated @smd_getAtts@
* Added @smd_pregPos@
* Changed @smd_splitRange@ as @smd_split@ to allow ranges to be switched on or off
* Deprecated @smd_splitRange@
* Added generic MLP class support (@smd_MLP@)
* Deprecated @smdMLP@ array, @smd_gTxt@ and @smd_getCaller@
* Made @smd_FuzzyFind@ and @smd_getWord@ official

h2. 0.23-beta - 2007-04-09

* Added the FuzzyFind class and getWord function
* @getAtts()@ now allows @?q@

h2. 0.22 - 2007-09-20

* Fixed undefined index warnings (thanks Ambitiouslemon)
* Enhanced matches so spaces are allowed in strings (thanks DrRogg)

h2. 0.21e - 2007-09-14

* Fixed ability to leave empty splitRange parameters intact

h2. 0.21d - 2007-08-03

* Fixed negation with multiple elements

h2. 0.21c - 2007-07-29

* Fixed numeric ranges in categories (thanks wolle)

h2. 0.21b - 2007-04-02

* Fixed sticky article support in @smd_getAtts@ (thanks pieman)

h2. 0.21a - 2007-03-21

* Fixed character ranges ignored (thanks mrdale)

h2. 0.21 - 2007-03-06

* Added integer range functionality
* @smd_getAtts@ now takes a RegEx arg

h2. 0.20 - 2007-03-03

* Added MLP (Multi-Lingual Pack) library support

h2. 0.10 - 2007-02-25

* Initial public release

